let us write a program using switch case for taking a day number and displaying day name let us say 1is
Monday, two is Tuesday and so on I will declare a variable  day.
And I will say cout,
enter day number and cin read the value of Day from keyboard then switch up on Day. then, case one, if it is
one then say cout Monday and slash n For new line and then break.
Case two cout tuesday and slash n for a new line then break statement case 3.
Same here I will write on all cout
defaulted cout
invalidly Day.
That's it.
Now I have written for all the cases and also I have included default.
Let us run this program. so i have written for all the cases
So i have written for all the cases.
And also I have written default here.
Now let us run the program and see
I'll give the number.
Here I have to entera no. I have  given the number one.
Here i  have to give Day no. but I'll give the numbers as one then it is coming as Monday.
run once again and give the number 7.
So it is Sunday.
One more time, 10 it is invalid.
day. so like this you can take some month number and display month names also.
So you have tried all possible cases for that 12 months.
You have write down and also if you want default you can get a default also.
And one more interesting thing you can do is you can take one digit on the display digit in words like
1 meane one, 2 means two
And so on for all 10 digits from zero to 9.
You can write on cases.
and one more interesting thing I have to show you that in between case and the case number there must
be a space without space.
It will be a invalid case so the compiler will not give any error message but it is giving him warning
that code will never be executed.
So there is no case 1 now Case 2 and 3 and 4 we have on this label is not our case.
It will be taken as a label so it is giving a warning that will never be executed.
So give proper spacing between case and the case number so you can try other programs.